                NONEXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERABLE
        LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY
              FOR SALIENCYTOOLBOX COMPUTER CODE

The California Institute of Technology (CIT) will provide you, a 
not-for-profit institution (LICENSEE), with the generic 
SaliencyToolbox computer code. The SaliencyToolbox computer code 
is available to LICENSEE on the following terms: 

1. The SaliencyToolbox computer source code and executable 
(SaliencyToolbox for short) is defined as a collection of Matlab 
functions and scripts and C++ code both as source code and compiled 
executable sub-routines (MEX functions) for computing the saliency 
map for a visual (such as a single image or a video stream), for 
determining the extent of a proto-object, and for serially 
scanning the visual with the focus of attention. Source code is 
defined as code written in human-readable format or in a high-level 
program language.

2. CIT agrees to grant LICENSEE a nonexclusive, non-transferable, 
royalty-free license, under the copyright rights and any applicable 
patent rights, to use SaliencyToolbox for internal research 
purposes only. This license specifically excludes the right to 
sublicense SaliencyToolbox in any form, and it also excludes the 
right to use SaliencyToolbox for any commercial or for-profit 
purpose. LICENSEE hereby certifies that it is a not-for-profit 
entity.

3. LICENSEE may incorporate SaliencyToolbox with other source code 
developed by LICENSEE (Incorporated Work) for the sole purpose of 
using SaliencyToolbox for research internal to LICENSEE and not 
for any other redistribution without the prior express written 
permission of CIT. LICENSEE may not distribute any Incorporated 
Work outside of LICENSEE without the prior express written 
permission of CIT, and specifically LICENSEE may not provide 
SaliencyToolbox or any Incorporated Work under an open source 
license such as the Gnu Public License (www.gpl.org). If the 
creation of an Incorporated Work would require LICENSEE to 
distribute SaliencyToolbox under an open source license, then 
LICENSEE agrees not to make such incorporation.

4. SaliencyToolbox is experimental in nature and is being licensed 
as is. The license of the SaliencyToolbox does not include any 
technical support or documentation.

5. CIT represents and warrants that it has the right to license 
SaliencyToolbox to LICENSEE.

6. LICENSEE agrees that any person within LICENSEE utilizing 
SaliencyToolbox will be advised of, and is subject to, the 
conditions in this Agreement.

7. NO WARRANTY: SaliencyToolbox is provided as-is without warranty 
of any kind including any warranties of performance or 
merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose (as set 
forth in UCC 23212-2313) or for any purpose whatsoever, however 
used.

In no event shall CIT be liable for any damages or costs, including 
but not limited to incidental or consequential damages of any kind, 
including economic damage or injury to property and lost profits, 
regardless of whether CIT shall be advised, have reason to know, or 
in fact shall know of the possibility.

LICENSEE bears all risk relating to quality and performance of 
SaliencyToolbox or any derivative works thereof.

8. All right, title, and interest in and to all data, information, 
and inventions that result from use of SaliencyToolbox by the 
LICENSEE shall vest in and belong to the LICENSEE.

9. Rights to sublicense the SaliencyToolbox for any commercial or 
for-profit purpose must be negotiated under a separate agreement 
with the California Institute of Technology.

10. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of 
California, and any action brought hereunder shall be within the 
state of California.

11. By clicking the "I agree" button below, you agree to abide by 
all the terms and conditions of this agreement.

